hello friends how are you and I do not come
with a theme another type has been going up
of videos but I wanted to talk with
you about something that affects many
people including myself though
we try sometimes not to talk
of this because they are things that hurt
honestly it hurts whole however
how we live in this society
of people who only watch the part
people's physics then sometimes
we can not forget about
certain things because they tell us
always in the face tell us in the
faces things and people do not think
when they say it and that's how he kept asking
when they say it they say it to hurt
or they say it to help I think I give it
for both, there are people who say
things to help you and there are others that
they say because they know that that's where they
it hurts a good one to me it does not hurt
all of mine usually says something thousand
Sometimes one does not hurt anymore but
However, one has to be aware that
if there are things that one can improve in
our lives and I want to tell you that if
I have things that I have to improve
in my life especially physically more
that everything but I am 100% sure that
you also have something that you have to
improve maybe you can have the best
physical of the world but I'm sure friend
that you have something that could improve
because nobody is perfect can be you
character can be the way that
talks with people may be that you
Angers very easily you can not
be many things but in the way that
they treated women because women who
men look at them like animals and that's
I totally dislike myself but I do what
I want to talk today about my weight ok
because my mom sat down to talk
with me
he says he has a desire and that desire is
to see me thin and
in good health because she says that she
when you look at me look sick though
You know that I've been with that
tumors and treating me and all that but without
However, if I could lose weight
I would be much much better right now
I'm weighing 296 pounds that are 135
kilos when I started a diet of
November of last year I weighed
practically the same the incredible as
that I carry this weight and here here I
I stay my body fattens us more but I
I began to lose weight I started a diet and
it worked for me I lost 50 pounds and they have
seen my video of at least january february
of the year 2012 they will see a great
Unlike how I look at myself right now
so I said well you know I'm going to
start to go back but my mom told me
other things says felipe
if losing 75 pounds makes it a great
please for you because I do not have a
car that bought it last year and are
like five years of payment that are
doing she said she was going to pay me the
cart so that the weight is a
initiative for me a motivation
so I really looked at the eyes
from my mom who is already old and everything
but she wants to see me healthy
then I on my day-to-day channel that
here is the below I am posting
video in the last these two three
months of losing weight of the diet that I'm
using what I'm taking is
eating the exercise is whatever it is and what
I'm going to do for her and I'm going to do it
for me because I want to see myself better
another day I went into clinical medium to
buying clothes is my favorite store since
I got a little sorry because
We were practically an hour
looking for a shirt that I had left
there were some shirts so if they were left
but in what he voted nothing, everything
they were shocked by the belly and I
said the girl as you may
you do not have a xxl because if I stretch the
who wants but I did not have questions
pull if I fit then but it was a
painful point because I looked so hard
boys girls try on everything
kind of clothes and I had that great desire
to be able to try on those clothes but I could not
because I did not stay then I said
low
man I have to do something and when
they are not touring with a very difficult band
and one that can not be on a diet
seeing gold but already the tour finished already
I will be practically here in the
home for the following months then
I do not have any excuse now I know
that some of you instead of wanting
support morally because that's what
they make the comments when they let me
they are going to tell me angel and see that come back from
talk and talk and he's serious I know there's
people who hate short if he has
talked about that before although most
of the fat and crazy people are not very
very good very sentimental open mind
they can be can even be the
best friends because they already have
that feeling inside of being rejected and
when someone needs a friend they
help but nevertheless there are always
true people
to criticize but I wish I have only
moral in these in this situation because
remember something and I finish with this
and I am a person with a disease
I am a person who has to take
11 daily medications
I am a person that I have to take
steroids or from a person that I have
to take medicine that takes
chemotherapy to lower the tumor in my
head I am a person who
it happens with so strong leg pains
for the medicine that sometimes I can not
get out of bed
I want to show everyone but more to me
mom and myself that if I do the
I will achieve this effort
everything can be done with force and
will and with patience and I know what
I can do because I did it almost a
year and then I got fat again when
I wanted to go to Honduras and I got lost
life totally but I do it for that
same
because I know I can do it even though I
it's going to cost what I'm going to accomplish
If you want to continue with the diet
freeze down that I did day by day
with felipe in subscribe there and there he goes
be showing my weights and all this
starting a 295 pounds that are 135
kilos and let's see how where it goes up to
then mine
see you